stories told here today i am going to
explain a drama mystery
thriller movie called secret obsession
be aware
the video contains spoilers if you enjoy
my videos please subscribe to the
channel
thanks on a rainy night a woman flees
down the street from an unknown pursuer
she tries to call a number in a phone
booth but gets no answer
she then runs inside a public toilet to
hide as the unknown man enters
she manages to escape from the bathroom
she tries to get in her car but the car
is locked she smashes the window with a
rock and enters the vehicle
the vehicle is attached to the pursuer's
car so she can't move with it
the woman exits the vehicle and runs to
the road where a man hits her
several other people get there to help
the woman is unconscious and not
answering so they call 9-1-1
the woman wakes up on a hospital bed she
is having flashbacks about her husband
and their wedding day
the flashbacks quickly switched to the
night when she got hit by a car
a man enters the hospital and introduces
himself to a nurse as russell williams
russell asks for his wife whose name is
jennifer the nurse tells him that
jennifer is in the or and he can't go in
there now
russell goes anyway and sees jennifer
being revived
as russell waits he stops the nurse and
asks if jennifer remembers anything
the nurse tells him that jen had a lot
of internal bleeding on her brain and
that it's possible she won't remember
anything
russell falls asleep in the waiting room
in the morning the nurse wakes him up
telling him jennifer is out of surgery
but hasn't regained consciousness yet
the nurse takes russell up to jennifer
russell reassures jennifer he isn't
going to leave her and that he will wait
as long as he needs in the hospital
a detective called frank page is buying
gifts for her daughter's birthday when
he gets a call to
attend the crime scene he drives to the
road where jennifer got hit and decides
to go to the hospital to talk to russell
her husband frank asks russell when was
the last time he saw jennifer
russell answers that that night jennifer
left to get groceries russell tells that
he tried to call jennifer after an hour
later but she didn't respond
then he called the store but the owner
said he hadn't seen her
frankton asks if they had problems with
each other but russell tells frank they
just got married and there were no
problems
frank also tells russell that the car
she left with is missing and there are
no reports about it so far
frank drives home and wraps the gifts
for his daughter but as soon as he
finishes
he starts crying we see a closet full of
unopened gifts and the voice coming from
the tv
tells that a ten-year-old girl named
hannah page went missing
jennifer finally wakes up so russell can
see her the doctor tells russell that
jennifer has severe brain damage and she
won't be able to recall episodic
memories
she will still remember things like her
childhood and name but she won't be able
to remember russell
the doctor promises they are going to
get there eventually but it takes a long
time
jennifer tells russell she doesn't
remember anything about the night she
got hit
russell tells her that he is going to be
there for her and go through everything
with her
frank questions the man who hid jennifer
and asks if he saw anybody else there
he answers no but he tells frank he saw
white pick up pulling another car
frank tells his boss that someone
dropped her off there or someone took
her car
either way someone else was there before
we switch back to the hospital we see a
man sit down at frank's table called jim
khan
russell shows pictures and tells stories
about their life to jennifer
they are having a good time when
jennifer asks if he talked to her
parents already
russell tells her that her parents
passed away a few years ago in a house
fire
russell thought she remembers but she
forgot that as well
jim khan comes to the hospital and asks
about jennifer they won't let him see
her as only close relatives are allowed
to visit
khan leaves flowers for her and as he
walks away we see russell looking at him
through a door
jennifer gets better and better every
day to the point where she can eat
normally and use the wheelchair
confidently
the nurse tells jennifer she shows
improvements in every way including her
memories
russell takes jennifer to a beautiful
big house which he says is their house
as jennifer is looking at the fireplace
she gets a flashback about the pursuer
being there with a knife
russell asks what's wrong but she isn't
answering jennifer tells russell how
quiet the place is
russell tells her it is because the
nearest neighbor is a mile away
russell is preparing food when detective
frank calls him
russell heads outside to talk and
jennifer goes to the balcony as well to
listen to the conversation
frank tells him they haven't found
jennifer's car yet but one of the
witnesses
jim khan saw the white pickup trucks
plate
frank asks russell to bring jennifer to
the police station to let frank talk to
her
russell tries to deny the request but
agrees to take her to the station the
next day
jennifer asks what is going to happen on
the next day and russell lies to her
that he needs to go to work
jennifer asks if the workplace is okay
with her taking time off but russell
tells her she quit her job before the
wedding because they decided to start a
family
jennifer realizes she has no family and
job left so she asks russell about her
friends
russell tells her that they don't meet
up as much as they used to but they were
asking about her when she was in
hospital
russell reaches for jennifer's hand she
holds russell's hand but she seems
uncomfortable
jennifer then asks russell if they were
happy or not together
russell tells her they still are jim
khan arrives home when russell appears
in the rear-view mirror
russell asks why was he asking about
jennifer in the hospital but khan
refuses to answer
khan asks who is he and russell tells
him he is jennifer's husband
russell takes a crowbar and hits khan
russell then breaks kahn's neck and
takes his body to his house
jennifer wakes up and sees russell
digging in the backyard
in the morning jennifer sees the pile of
dirt in the backyard and she can't take
her eyes off of it
frank calls back russell as he didn't
show up with jennifer
russell isn't responding so frank asks
his colleague to trace his number
franks drives to the hospital and asks
the nurse for his address
since he isn't in the police database
the nurse gives the address
russell gave them and asks frank to tell
russell to call the hospital back for
appointment since they can't reach his
phone as well
jennifer is looking at their pictures
when she notices that on one of the
pictures
russell's hair looks different in the
mirror she decides to go down the stairs
even though she isn't strong enough to
walk on her own
she manages to get down but she is in
great pain she takes a look at their
wedding photo and she finally notices
that someone chose the cheapest option
available on fiverr for photoshop
she then tries to look for clues and
access russell's computer
russell comes home and she quickly
closes the laptop
russell gives her a phone which is in a
gift box for whatever reason
the phone has no signal since they live
in the mountains
frank goes to the address which he got
from the hospital an old lady opens the
door
and tells frank she never heard that
name and that she doesn't know anyone
named russell or jennifer
frank calls the department and they tell
him they can't trace the phone
despite all the red flags jennifer
decides to give a little cute kiss to
russell
jennifer only backs away when she has
another flashback from the night she was
attacked
russell psych out and tells jennifer
that he deserves a night with his wife
after all he went through with her
he eventually lets her go and asks for
forgiveness but jennifer turns around
and ignores him
russell gets up and heads to his
computer and we see that a hidden camera
is installed in their bedroom
frank is still trying to figure out who
is at the scene with a white pickup
truck
frank calls the hospital and asks the
nurse to get the security footage
frank also asks how russell proved he
was jennifer's husband
the nurse tells him he showed photos and
identified her back tattoo
frank checks the security footage and
sees russell getting out of a white
pickup truck on the night of the
accident
the next morning russell apologizes to
jennifer with flowers
frank goes to a tattoo saloon and asks
the man what the tattoo on jennifer's
back means
the artist tells frank it stands for the
name alan frank runs a search on the
name jennifer allen and finds an address
down in san jose
when frank gets to the house he sees
that the mailbox is full and the door is
open
he enters the house and tries to switch
on the lights but there is no
electricity
he sees food rotting on the table as he
keeps looking for someone
as frank enters one of the bedrooms
upstairs he finds jennifer's parents
corpses
as jennifer wakes up she hides russell's
wallet and asks him to go and grab
groceries for her
russell locks the door as he leaves when
russell finally left
jennifer finds her driving license in
the wallet and sees her name as jennifer
allen
she grabs a hairpin and shames the
lock-picking lawyer as she manages to
open the door with only one hand and one
hairpin
frank heads to jennifer and russell's
previous workplace where one of the
employees tells him they left the
company before the wedding
meanwhile jennifer guesses the password
for russell's computer and finds the
unedited photos of her and her real
husband
the employee shows a picture of jennifer
and the real russell to frank
frank spots the man who took jennifer
from the hospital and asks who he is
the employee tells frank that the man is
ryan guarantee
ryan guarantee left the company few
months ago since he broke the nose of
his employer
the employee gives the contact info to
frank in a note that the real russell
wrote to jennifer before they left
jennifer isn't the sharpest tool in the
shed but she finally remembers the
events and recognizes her attacker as
ryan
jennifer tries to access the internet
but the cables are cut
ryan realizes he left his wallet at home
and heads back
jennifer takes her jacket and heads
outside to look for signal
she takes off the back of her phone and
sees that the battery is melted
we learn that ryan isn't really good at
hiding things as jennifer heads to the
garden and stumbles on a hand sticking
out of the ground
ryan comes and hits her on the head with
a rock and carries her upstairs
jennifer wakes up and still doesn't
understand what's happening and asks
ryan about the internet in her phone
i think she might lost a chromosome on
the way to the hospital
ryan gives her a medicine which she
takes without much resistance
jennifer asks ryan who is he and what
did he do to her husband
ryan chains her to the bed and leaves as
ryan is buying tools he meets the nurse
the nurse tells ryan about the detective
and ryan speeds off
jennifer wakes up and takes off the
chains she takes a hairpin and battles
her biggest enemy the stairs
she manages to get the upper hand and
heads to the kitchen to wrap her leg in
duct tape
she finds her old phone in her car in
the garage the phone is still charged
and turned on after several weeks
ryan enters the garage and jennifer
hides in the back
ryan opens the trunk where we see the
real russell's body
jennifer heads back upstairs and lays in
the bed ryan is about to discover that
jennifer isn't chained to the bed
anymore when the doorbell rings
frank is at the gate and ryan opens it
for him jennifer gets down and sees
frank on the other side of the window
jennifer asks for help from frank frank
instead of asking for backup goes to the
back door where ryan hits him on the
head
ryan takes jennifer back upstairs and
locks the door on her
he also locks up detective frank in the
freezer jennifer heads outside to look
for signal but she forgets her life is
in danger and watches videos on her
phone instead
ryan comes back and ties her up jennifer
tells ryan she wants to live and ryan
starts telling her the story how he met
her
ryan was basically stalking jennifer for
years and became obsessed with her
he tells her that he killed her parents
and husband ryan planned to kill
jennifer as well
but she lost her memories and he saw it
as a chance
ryan leaves the room and frank wakes up
in the freezer
ryan takes frank's car inside the garage
ryan goes back to jen
jen pretends to understand ryan and asks
him to get her something to drink
jennifer grabs a lighter from the ground
and burns the rope by the time ryan gets
back she isn't in her bed
she hits ryan from behind with a vase
takes his keys and locks him in the room
jennifer goes one versus one with the
stairs but she loses while ryan tries to
break the door
ryan finally breaks the door and frank
also manages to escape from the freezer
although jennifer took ryan's keys she
decides to walk instead of driving
as she believes in an emission-free
lifestyle jennifer is still looking for
signal in the woods as ryan chases after
her
frank is also in the woods jen decides
to go full scooby-doo and throws a rock
to distract ryan
she manages to hit him on the back with
a branch but ryan quickly knocks her to
the ground
ryan is about to shoot jen when frank
appears out of nowhere and takes ryan to
the ground
jen takes the gun and shoots ryan twice
ryan collapses and jen runs to hug frank
three months later frank is packing up
his stuff when jen visits him
frank gives the letter he found earlier
to jen in the letter
the real russell expresses his love to
jen jen drives away with a smile on her
face
like the murder of her loved ones and
the kidnapping never happened
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
this recap please consider subscribing